You have a military bloc
called the CSTO Yes, which includes your
allies Belarus Armenia, uh Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Yes, Why
don't these allies help Russia uh repel
an attack on the Kursk region Yes,
because well, like, there's nothing to do with it I mean, there's nothing to do with it,
but they don't have an expression that
can help us listen Let's
look at it this way And why then did you make a
military bloc with him if they can't
fit in for
you Hello Good evening Good
night Good evening where are you
from Narilsk
Norilsk Norilsk Nickel there is such a thing
my dad worked there back in the Soviet Union
when it was Yes  I am from Rostov myself But I have been living
in California for 18 years In 2 years
I would see the twentieth by the flag
Yeah What are you talking about here Yes, just about
everything there is no one
or something or war is not war
nonsense Not nonsense
Just stop stop please
please please can
no
Can I just want to talk like humans
I don't want to touch on the topic of
war Well how about with you not touching on
the topic of war yes  If you have a flag in the background
like this and what is there to touch on
here like everything is already clear we gave Ukraine
weapons to strike at the territory of the
Russian Federation Russia will
do nothing to America everyone doesn't care anymore
you are cool guys in general yes Oh where to go Well
and that's it and I  stopped Yes and the war
almost stopped no So why
did it stop we need to destroy
Moscow well it seems to me very
difficult
why Well because because we
look we Well I say I was born in
Russia but I am already a citizen of the United
States I say we Yes we  they
specially dragged Putin in, forced him to attack
Ukraine so that, well, the United
States would destroy the Russian Empire,
destroy the Soviet Union, and
somehow it didn’t work out with Russia. Yes, under Yeltsin they
were ready to do it, but then
these Putins came along, and so on.
Now, now, yes, we are  could not take and
shell the territory of the Russian
Federation or there so that Ukraine we
needed Yes, so that Putin took and attacked
Yes, so that to make a precedent so that the
world community would already see this is not
America Yes, that's how we are in  Yugoslavia got involved
Yes, there they still tell us that it seems like
something like that and then oops
everything And you know, yes, that, my friend You
know, yes, that in the twenty-fifth year
the war will end in what Well, next
year it will be What year will it be twenty-oh
twenty fifth Well I said it right DD
fifth I'm just I'm just drinking cognac I'm
asking for forgiveness I'm thinking Damn why did I
say everything right I
said in the twenty fifth year the
war will end with strikes on Moscow strikes on
Moscow No
E you your president will be who Trump
I  I voted for him, I didn't just
vote, I campaigned for
Ukraine's weapons, look, Trump has
n't even had an inauguration yet, wait, there's no
inauguration yet, and they're already hitting Russian territory.
I listened. I listened. I say,
please, stop. I listened. Here,
please. Yes, I say, that now,
under Trump, Russia is
cool and why because Biden was yes
why I not only voted for Trump I
did a tent campaign because Biden is generally
Republicans they are all that in short there will be an
escalation Putin threatened there  nuclear
strike Trump he Yes, but he was
elected yet, there is not even an inauguration already, everything
the Pentagon has allowed Ukraine to strike with its
weapons on the territory of the Russian
Federation and they are still pounding the Bryansk
Kursk region, they themselves are already attacking, in short, the
French have already pulled themselves up and there these
Germans are also starting to say Like that  yes
maybe Tau
everything well you you specifically where
Norilsk Nickel in general you just well Moscow
Moscow you will not be touched why
because you are a resource appendage Yes you are needed And
can I ask a question like this
and what are the approximate timeframes When you Moscow
approximate timeframes Well in your opinion in
my opinion  in my opinion it will be in
the spring in the spring of the twenty-fifth
year yes in the spring of the twenty-fifth
year once
Moscow there with drones not drones drones
Tomahawk but there ogami yes yes
Yeah okay it will be you uh Narilsk
will not be touched because we we need You
understand that Nickel is not like that You  if you
live there you know that nickel is not
mined in such quantities in many places in the
world and it is used now  just in
electronics It's quite interesting it's
used all over the world yes yes
Therefore it's in the interests of the United States and
me as a citizen of the United States
Yes it's control over these
deposits
therefore Let's say they won't touch them Yes
Moscow as a resource center that
extracts from all these deposits
distributes
yes  yes, straight, that is, with
civilians, straight, with everyone in a row, straight Lam
This is a war by right of the strong we can
do that's you, that is, that's Well, okay,
you have such a worldview, yes What What is
possible Moscow with a population of civilians
more than
millions of millions and millions of people
it's always so simple  it is possible correctly it has
always been like this Well this is the whole history Who is
strong Yes he established his own
order they don't want to surrender they demolished the
city in short damn everything and everything therefore Well here without
sentimentality you understand well what and what you
can't learn from history what you
can't learn from history what you can't do like this  it is not possible to do it,
yes, that is, if by
right of the strong you take Look at all the
countries that Yes, now there are They
seized their territory by right of the
strong, yes,
they have such a big one  lost captured
once Kazakhs Tatars Bashkortostan Yakuts And
so on there Britain once
captured that such business generally don't care
that is
what about millions and millions of people whom
you And what difference does it make And they do it in
Africa and so even this is ours
Each country protects its
geopolitical
interest when I was a citizen of the
Russian Federation Well, I
still have a passport of a citizen of the Russian Federation,
can I ask a question? And now, please,
please, can I? Why did you go over to the other
side? Well, because it is a strong
state,
it
provides, so don't say that
it is strong. The state is
How do you think less strong How do you
think more
strong in general I explain I explain When
I was in the Russian Federation Yes, like you
Yes, we were all slaves there, poor slaves
in the richest country Yes, I left there Yes,
I became a free man in the richest
and most powerful state Well  damn it's your
choice I don't blame you I yes I put come on come on
So come on like this than Here come on
Can you Can you please here come on
simple simple come on  here As
if you and I are friends and purely
brotherly here purely humanly
three factors How is
America different in a good way from Russia please three
factors please standard of living once yes
world
domination or
three a and what does world domination mean
world domination USA hegemon USA  there is a
world policeman world uh she
establishes world world order
Well that is you mean what the
US does all over the planet world E world
order yes world order world order
yes
ok and Russia then who is
Russia is a country work how are you a former
resident of Russia Tell me Okay look at
these  same three criteria one of the poorest
countries in the world in terms of living standards so
uh a feeble country that can't
win back its Kursk region from some Ukraine
That is, it simply can't
and here is the
third population with such a mentality
that here you have everyone for themselves for everyone
you understand everything and that's it
Can I tell you now please
Yes look, I'll tell you Only about the
last factor of
yours with
us With you with the former With us with the Russians with
Russians, we all go for everyone, we all go to
fight for the Motherland and not for well, no, I'm just
saying now Okay, I'm just saying without these
attacks, I'm just saying, we all go,
people go to fight for the Motherland, in
America, all the contract soldiers go, even the contract soldiers  very
much this is worldwide even
compared
that in contrabass you have only contract soldiers
in the army for what they go to fight for
money Yes, when you run out of money they will
turn around and go to fight for us according to the
law on money I smiled
I apologize
bsi
ask Can I please  you can ask here
you have contract soldiers they they go well I
repeat they go to fight only for
money with us guys go to fight for their own
Why didn't you go to fight for your
freedom I don't want to yet
Here I am now going to die
This is what I ask for  forgiveness Ukraine where there
Boys go die just like that for just like
that no no so what to Ukraine Kursk
region Liberate your Motherland you are
for each other and what where are the Rusichi  so there
are guys now who are already here these
SHIM contractors like August 6 Yes,
part of Russia is already occupied in the course of the region
and
what okay I don't know I I really don't
know I don't watch the news I don't know I
watched your news Yes  they say that
the Ministry of Defense, uh, can't even recruit a
contract soldier already says There's a million for
signing a contract 2 million 3 fours
No one goes Why is
it like this who has it with us yes
Oh I have no idea I don't watch the news I don't
know brother
Yeah Most of you have a contract
So  why are you hiring then Why is
Ukraine hiring the French
Americans Damn these ones and why are
n't there any of our own who are fighting What does
Ukraine have to do with it Our troops
American French under the guise of
mercenaries just and that's all Ukraine Ukraine
doesn't have money to hire anything we
USA  we are the hegemon we are the subject Ukraine
is the object of this war and Russia is the
object we are implementing the process
of demilitarization of the Russian Federation yes
that is we
had a large Soviet stockpile of missiles
tanks And so on All we are grinding down
this is all and  in America Look, I don't have
a single air raid alarm, not even one,
I don't have a single
air raid alarm in America, not even a single plane,
not a bomb. And you live there, and they
bomb you, no
one bombs us, not in Norilsk. And
what about Russia?  Kursk region is on fire
Bryansk is on fire Rostov is on fire Voronezh
is Ukraine is Ukraine nearby
right but it is Russia And what about Kursk
Bryansk is no longer Russia
closer to the mountains we don't bomb Philadelphia
don't bomb California don't bomb New York
because our troops  there not
because you can't we want to
afford to go we do you
can't we are a superpower you are a power I am your
friend Got it I am your friend Got it Got it
Got it Okay Well I don't know us Well with such a
worldview we have nothing to talk about
please explain Explain to me then how you are in
such a rich state and not only you
but other people And my father and mother
who now live in Rostov Yes how
so it turns out stop come on come on
tell me come on let me you Can I
please interrupt for 5 seconds your
mother's father
in Rostov and still Yes you are in America Yes
they came to
me like them They that is in solidarity with
you  Well, I'll explain it to you. Look, my
mother worked all the people, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. Can I please say,
those
Soviet people, they are in solidarity with you?
Because I'll explain it to you. Why?
Because my mother worked as a
kindergarten teacher all her life, she has a pension.  in
Rostov 18,000 rubles
But this is 180 dollars, this is a beggarly
salary in the world, my dad has a pension Yes, my dad has
23,000 rubles, this is 230 dollars,
my mom says that her employees have
even less There is a pension, so the question is
how is it that a country in which oil, gas,
gold, diamonds, the whole table  Mendeleev
people live in such poor conditions
[laughter]
like  pip ko I love this format
Hello Oh great
embroidered shirt something else you have there Where are you
from Well tell me thieves' region
Russia got it I'm from Czechoslovakia city
Brno How calm are you there
Excellent everything everything is very good
how do you feel about the news that Biden
allowed strikes on Russian  territories
attacks themselves
funny and also France and Britain are also
funny And what's funny to you yes because
well it's like
well what's the point Well I have a friend yes a
friend Belgorod grandfather also laughed And
now he was evacuated from his village
he is in Belgorod at the time point
Yes, you are great and what can you do with this
You can change the course of the war
maybe yes we can now in
your Voronezh region and for you And for you it
changed the course of the war so much look we changed
We drove the Russians out of Kiev from
Kharkov drove them out of Kherson  expelled from
part of the Kursk region this is the same change in the
course of the war and what have you achieved achieved
that now Ukraine is seizing
territories of the Russian Federation Yes and you
about Kursk Well
yes funny well  how funny it's been more than 3
months already that Russia has already forgotten about Kursk
Yes of course well how would you say there are 60,000 people
there that yours died it's like well the
question is if if you have already
destroyed 60,000 of ours there And before that another 2
million in other regions Why did you  you
still can't recapture the Kursk region And the
Kursk region will tell I'll tell there
is such a concept Putin's cunning plan yes
when when we are doing our own things there
Kherson Lugansk Donetsk region and
here we are doing our own things And the second
will come to us in Kursk
here well how  there would be another side there
That's why everything is fine so once
again I don't understand why Putin gave up
the territory of the Russian Federation to Ukraine
so that North Korea could come to us
with help A without this it
couldn't come but wait does it help you
all No it couldn't what are we flying  there are
legitimate things, yes, so wait,
according to your Constitution, the Kherson
region, Zaporizhzhya, is also everything.
No, according to the Constitution, yes, for now, but not yet. And the
Kursk region
has been Russian territory since 1991.  and
you invaded our territory And we have a
Union State and people came to us Well,
as if from po khoo, look at this
interesting and very mop-like question Do
you have a military bloc
called the CSTO Yes, where do your allies belong
Armenia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan
Yes Why  these allies are not helping
Russia to repel the attack on the Kursk
region Yes, because well, like, there is
nothing to do with it I mean, there is nothing to do with it Well, they don't have an
expression that can help us,
let's hear it Look, why did you create a
military bloc with him if they can't
stand up for you
little by little
karaka we go up we go forward we collect We
have Brix there we gather around
us people who will
help us You
have gathered the whole world yes like there the whole
world as we will call it Yes this is
Europe America and what well and what not me
not va
ni izk Does not send soldiers patrols
border that odkb is us that is it is us
it is Russia Russia
odkb helps you all once again not odkb -
it is not Russia odkb -
this is Russia Belarus Armenia Kazakhstan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan the main weapons of the CSTO are Russia under it That is, it turns out that Russia was defending these states and not these states of Russia Wait well what well the war has been going on for 3 years already yeah Well look And the CSTO still hasn't stepped in for you and moreover Why do your CSTO members support the US sanctions against Russia gorysh parallel Why does Kazakhstan as a CSTO member support the US sanctions NATO helps you helps NATO helps the Kursk region and now look NATO has allowed to strike deeper into Russian territory this is well well well the cur jumped that's how the dog bites how it holds up look the cruiser Moscow couldn't hold up and sank a bunch of other ships couldn't hold up and sank it's funny And what's funny funny well you understand correctly I don't understand 3 years 3 years the whole world the whole world is against us for Ukraine and what look for 3 years yes, they kicked you out of the Kyiv region, from Kherson, from Kharkov, from part of the Kursk region because we wanted to come to an agreement when we came in, we would have  everything and Kyiv are so good And what is stopping you from going under Kyiv now, yes, because we take care of our people, you understand Well, you have North Koreans, North Koreans have only appeared now Well, okay, look, it turns out logical if you were deceived and you got out from under Kyiv so Take in 2 weeks Go to Kyiv and that's it and end the war You want this well yes I want Yes and why can't you go to Kyiv sleep Wait Do you really want this I own Why do you want it Yes I want I want You'll see when Kyiv in 3 days Everything is not true Explain why the couple does not speak well Explain please Explain what is it Come on Explain why you can't take Kyiv come on why you can't or we speak in parallel or in turns speak speak speak why I won't explain to you If we will want to take Kyiv we like Yugoslavia can want Why are you like this Why can't you want to prevent you from wanting to capture Kyiv what prevents you from capturing Kyiv wanting to capture Although say oh
baby different times nervous our Explain why Russia now does not want to capture Kyiv what else Why Russia does not want to want even Kyiv can Well why look you were near Kiev Yes already troops were right near Kyiv And why did you run away ok you have six months ago arrived work on you you there was your attack today which shot down F1 missiles in Ukraine your super so look Explain why you can't capture 0 you go just write to my Telegram right now axis VN and Popik this is very and very important YouTube takes us through Scar George in your ban and I don't show people a lot of videos sometimes I don't show information about streams That's why I write the latest operational links right now and while there are videos in Telegram OKM there are also interesting and useful information and I'm sorry for you constant operational links independently  in that chi will show you the process
YouTube Slava ukraini subscribe